Update stream applications on Kafka section (#206)
spring-io/dataflow.spring.io: content/documentation/pages/3-stream-developer-guides/2-streams/2-standalone-stream-kafka.md

import org.springframework.context.annotation.Bean;
import org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration;

@Configuration
public class UsageCostProcessor {

	private double ratePerSecond = 0.1;

	private double ratePerMB = 0.05;

	@Bean
	public Function<UsageDetail, UsageCostDetail> processUsageCost() {
		return usageDetail -> {
			UsageCostDetail usageCostDetail = new UsageCostDetail();
			usageCostDetail.setUserId(usageDetail.getUserId());
			usageCostDetail.setCallCost(usageDetail.getDuration() * this.ratePerSecond);
			usageCostDetail.setDataCost(usageDetail.getData() * this.ratePerMB);
			return usageCostDetail;
		};
	}
}

```

In the preceding application, we are providing a bean that returns a `java.util.function.Function` that consumes a `UsageDetail` as input and publishes a `UsageCostDetail` as ouptut. 

#### Configuring the `UsageCostProcessor` Application

When configuring this `processor` application, we need to set both the input and output destinations (Kafka topics).
By default, Sprig Cloud Stream uses binding names as `processUsageCost-in-0` and `processUsageCost-out-0` which becomes the topic names unless the application overrides them.

> However, in our case, as in the producer above, we don't want these defaults, but use our custom ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in our case, as in the producer above, we don't want these defaults but rather we would want to make them more descriptive.
```

We want to use the binding name as `input` and `output` and provide custom destinations on them.

In `src/main/resources/application.properties`, you can add the following properties:

```
spring.cloud.stream.function.bindings.processUsageCost-in-0=input
spring.cloud.stream.function.bindings.processUsageCost-out-0=output
spring.cloud.stream.bindings.input.destination=usage-detail
spring.cloud.stream.bindings.output.destination=usage-cost
```

1. The `spring.cloud.stream.function.bindings.processUsageCost-in-0` property overrides the binding name to `input`.
2. The `spring.cloud.stream.function.bindings.processUsageCost-out-0` property overrides the binding name to `output`.
3. The `spring.cloud.stream.bindings.processUsageCost-in-0.destination` sets the destination to the `usage-detail` Kafka topic.

> 4. The `spring.cloud.stream.bindings.processUsageCost-out-0.destination` property sets the destination to the `usage-cost` Kafka topic.

Reviewer: Maybe remove "property" for consistency from the previous

```Java
package io.spring.dataflow.sample.usagecostlogger;

import java.util.function.Consumer;

import io.spring.dataflow.sample.UsageCostDetail;
import org.slf4j.Logger;
import org.slf4j.LoggerFactory;
import org.springframework.context.annotation.Bean;
import org.springframework.context.annotation.Configuration;

@Configuration
public class UsageCostLogger {

	private static final Logger logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger(UsageCostLoggerApplication.class);

	@Bean
	public Consumer<UsageCostDetail> process() {
		return usageCostDetail -> {
			logger.info(usageCostDetail.toString());
		};
	}
}
```

Here we have a `java.util.function.Consumer` bean that consumes a `UsageCostDetail` and then logs that information.

#### Configuring the `UsageCostLogger` Application

When configuring the `consumer` application, we need to set the `input` binding destination (a Kafka topic).
By default, the input binding used by Spring Cloud Stream will be `process-in-0` (so does the destination name if the application does not override it).

> We want to override these as in the above two applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to override these to make the sink application work with the above two applications (source and processor).
```
